\section{LIAM BECKMAN}\label{liam-beckman}

\begin{enumerate}
\def\labelenumi{(\arabic{enumi})}
\setcounter{enumi}{502}
\tightlist
\item
  593-8493 \textbar{} lbeckman@uoregon.com
\end{enumerate}

EDUCATION

\textbf{University of Oregon }\emph{Biology \& Computer Science Major
enrolled at the University of Oregon} * Presidential Scholar, Merit
Scholarship Recipient for 2012---2017.\\
* Well versed in computer systems and networks.\\
* Hold valid Oregon drivers license with a perfect driving record.\\
* Work Study Certified.

EXPERIENCE

Mountain Sports* {Welches, OR}

Ski Equipment Technician November 2016---March 2017; 20 hours per week
Assissted customers of all ages in finding and fitting outdoor gear.
Restocked store equipment. Adjusted ski and snowboards for customers and
educated on proper and safe use. Served as a knowledgable source of
information on local trails and outdoor areas. Helped with group trip
planning and rentals.

University of Oregon Honors Biology Lab* {Eugene, OR}

Lab Prep Assistant September---June. 2015; 5 hours per week Prepared
materials and procedures for The Honors Biology Lab curriculum at the
University of Oregon. Relevant responsibilities included making and
curing petri plate solutions, evaluating states and types of bacterial
growth, and studying the processes and mechanisms of cytological
phenotypic expression and function.

Ecological Apprenticeship at H.J. Andrews Experimental Forest {Blue
River, OR}

Student Researcher---Ecology and Restoration June---August 2013; 40
hours per week Analyzed forest networks and plant response to fire
disturbances; surveyed plant communities in experimental sub-alpine
meadows as part of ongoing research; published study in Restoration
Ecology: The Journal of the Society for Ecological Restoration
(``Vegetation Recovery in Slash-Pile Scars Following Conifer Removal in
a Grassland-Restoration Experiment'', November 2014).

Environmental Science Internship at the University of Oregon {Eugene,
OR}

Student Researcher---Response to Climate Change June---August 2012; 40
hours per week Researched the effects of climate change on northwest
plant communities to determine how carbon may be allocated under future
climate scenarios; measured and analyzed biomass samples collected in
situ from experimental grasslands with experimentally manipulated
temperature and precipitation levels; presented my findings at The 2012
Apprenticeships in Science and Engineering (ASE) Symposium hosted by the
University of Portland.

NSF Funded REU at the University of Minnesota {Minneapolis, MN}

Student Researcher---Botanical Genetics May---August 2014; 40 hours per
week Conducted research involving botanical DNA isolation, purification,
sequencing, and analysis; examined the effect of personally designed
genetic markers had on a tropical tree's evolution/phylogeny; presented
results and conclusions at the following scientific conferences: • The
2015 Emerging Researchers National Conference in STEM hosted in
Washington D.C. • The 2015 University of Oregon Undergraduate Research
Symposium • The 2014 University of Minnesota Undergraduate Symposium

VOLUNTEER WORK

• Welches Elementary School: Developed reading and comprehension skills
for elementary students as a STAR Reading voluteer. November 2016---
March 2017 • Multnomah Education Service District's Outdoor School
Program: Served as a Student Leader in the Outdoor School Program by
leading a cabin of twenty students per week and teaching the basics of
ecology, zoology, and geology. April 2011---October 2012 • Legacy Mt
Hood Medical Center: Volunteered at the Front Desk and in the ICU;
received the Summit Award for outstanding service from the Volunteer
Guild. June 2010---January 2013

*REFERENCES
