---
published: true
date: 2025-02-25
title: Notes
tags: notes
---
*   Antennae Radio dish broadcasting messages. picked up in dreams
    
*   Slow hum of electrical wires
    
*   Scythekill Conspiracy
    
*   Taking a particle floating in space and reading it's history and interactions, reconstructing the universe and playing it back
    
*   Seeing things as a child and only fully understanding them later as an adult, growing up, a wave from the ocean
    
*   [https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Star\_Maker](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Maker)
    

9:05pm

We were running through the woods along the trails by the river bed, it was nighttime and all we had were our headlamps that threw light just beyond our feet. It was raining, our jackets were soaked through. It was by the river that I felt that feeling of static, as though all the hairs on my arms and neck were standing on end.

There was like a low humming noise, the kind you get under those big electrical wires ya know? M thought we were getting caught in a thunderstorm and wanted to get as far away from the trees as possible. I grew up with thunderstorms and they can be scary — but this wasn't quite like that. It felt smaller in a way, 'cause as soon as were a mile away it all stopped. The static, the noise, just the rain as that point.

I haven't told him this but I went back to that place, just on my own, to see if I could find where we were. And it was all the same, the same trees and rocks and birds flying around — nothing like we experienced that night.

Start Small, don't overthink it — just get something on the page and let it flow — let your ideas connect with new ideas, branches forming and interweaving, getting caught in knots, disconnecting, and reforming, restructuring — you are a wave and your thoughts the current, let it flow, start small, don't overthink it.

Everything has the same shape —